To build up a library is to create a life. It’s never just a random collection of books. -–Carlos María Domínguez
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others. -- Jacob Braude 
People can lose their lives in libraries. They ought to be warned. -- Saul Bellow
The journey is the reward. -- Chinese proverb
Libraries were full of ideas – perhaps the most dangerous and powerful of all weapons. -–Sarah J. Maas
Libraries always remind me that there are good things in this world. -–Lauren Ward
Bad libraries build collections, good libraries build services, great libraries build communities. –R. David Lankes 
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. -- Will Rogers 
An original idea. That can't be too hard. The library is full of them. -- Stephen Fry
You can't create in a vacuum. Life gives you the material and dreams can propel new beginnings. -- Brian Pulsifer
A great library is one nobody notices because it is always there, and always has what people need. -–Vicki Myron 
Everything you need for better future and success has already been written. And guess what? All you have to do is go to the library. –Henri Frederic Amiel 
A library is not a luxury but one of the necessities of life. -–Henry Ward Beecher
In the nonstop tsunami of global information, librarians provide us with floaties and teach us to swim. -–Linton Weeks 
Without libraries what have we? We have no past and no future. -- Ray Bradbury
When I got my library card, that’s when my life began. -–Rita Mae Brown 
Libraries will get you through times of no money better than money will get you through times of no libraries. -–Anne Herbert 
There is a way that nature speaks, that land speaks. Most of the time we are simply not patient enough, quiet enough, to pay attention to the story. -- Linda Hogan
Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot. – Hausa
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success. -- Elbert Hubbard
The only thing that you absolutely have to know, is the location of the library. -–Albert Einstein 
When you absolutely positively have to know, ask a librarian. -–American Library Association 
The most important asset of any library goes home at night – the library staff. -–Timothy Healy
You want weapons? We’re in a library. Books are the best weapon in the world. This room’s the greatest arsenal we could have. Arm yourself! -–Russell T. Davies (Doctor Who)
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library? -–Lily Tomlin
A truly great library contains something in it to offend everyone. -–Jo Godwin
When in doubt go to the library. –J.K. Rowling
A good library will never be too neat, or too dusty, because somebody will always be in it, taking books off the shelves and staying up late reading them. -–Lemony Snicket
Google can bring you back 100,000 answers. A librarian can bring you back the right one. -–Neil Gaiman